Enable visibility for gcc and clang (#848)
SOCI/soci: docs/installation.md

* `SOCI_ASAN` - boolean - Build with address sanitizer (ASAN) support. Useful for finding problems when debugging, but shouldn't be used for the production builds due to extra overhead. Default is `OFF`.
* `SOCI_LTO` - boolean - Build with link-time optimizations, if supported. This produces noticeably smaller libraries. Default is `OFF`, but turning it on is recommended for the production builds.

> * `SOCI_VISIBILITY` - boolean - Build with C++ visibility if supported. This option produces smaller libraries by trimming internal function symbols. Default is `ON`.

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
* `SOCI_VISIBILITY` - boolean - Use hidden ELF visibility for private symbols if supported by the platform. This option produces smaller libraries by avoiding exporting internal function symbols. Default is `ON`.
```
